>> Steve Kinney: What we'll do real
quick is we need to go ahead and
turn on our database.
So we'll go back to the Firebase console,
and we'll go to Database.
And this is kinda what I said before,
Cloud Firestore is definitely in beta.
But if you look at the screen right now,
what is Google trying to push on you?
>> Steve Kinney: They have strong opinions
on what database you ought to use.
If you scroll down,
>> Steve Kinney: [LAUGH] Or
alternatively, choose the real
time database, right.
But they definitely have tried to sell you
on the Cloud Firestore first and foremost.
And so
that's what we're going to go with today.
So we'll go ahead and
we'll create database.
And we have two choices, the responsible
choice and the irresponsible choice.
We are going to choose the irresponsible
choice because we're learning.
So start in locked mode.
So locked mode basically,
the database is on complete lockdown,
you can't do anything to it, right.
Which is generally speaking, whitelisting
is better than blacklisting, totally.
And we will eventually go to
something closer to locked mode, but
first we're gonna start in test mode.
Test mode is wide open, anyone can do
anything anywhere in the database.
Now you should not push
to production like this.
However, on local host
you're probably safe, right.
So we'll go ahead and
we'll enable it in test mode.
>> Steve Kinney: Setting
up our security rules,
which are almost like a lack
thereof of security rules.
And we have our database,
there's not much in it yet,
which make sense, we just created it.
Let's actually wire it into
our React application.
So to do that, we will flip back over.
And we're gonna pull in the code for
Firestore.
So we'll import Firebase slash Firestore,
right.
If we pulled in all of Firebase
we would've gotten Firestore, but
we would've also gotten all the code for
working with the real time database.
Chances are we're not using both, right.
There's actually nothing stopping you from
using both, other than your own sanity.
So we can import Firestore, and
then what I'll usually do is
I'll go a head and I'll do,
export const firestore = firebase,
>> Steve Kinney: And
it calls it as a function like that.
All right, so now we've got Firebase and
we have a database.
That was it, right, we're good to go.
We're not actually calling this file
anywhere yet, so let's go ahead and
do that in application.jsx.
>> Steve Kinney: Here I
will simply do import
from
'../firebase', all right.
Go back over to my application.
>> Steve Kinney: Firestore is defined but
not used,
that makes total sense because we are in
fact defining it but not using it.